docs(l2): add state diffs and withdrawal docs (#945)
lambdaclass/lambda_ethereum_rust: crates/l2/docs/withdrawals.md

In more detail, the full changes/additions are:

- A `Withdraw` transaction type is introduced, comprised of the regular fields in an EIP-1559 transaction.
- On every block, each `Withdraw` transaction will burn (i.e. deduct from the sender) the value attached to it. Withdraw transactions will also emit a `WithdrawLog` coming from a privileged address (for now the zero address). This log will contain the following information:
    - `to`: the address in L1 that is allowed to claim the funds (this is decided by the user as part of a withdraw transaction. This comes from the regular `to` field on the Withdraw transaction (i.e. we are reusing that field with a slightly different meaning; what it means here is “the address that can claim the funds on L1”).
    - `amount`: the amount of money withdrawn (i.e. the `msg.value` of the transaction).

>     - `tx_index`: the index of the transaction in the L2 block it was included in. This will be important for claiming the withdrawal as it will require a merkle proof to be provided along with the index on the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `tx_hash`: the transaction hash in the L2 block it was included in. This will be important for claiming the withdrawal as it will require a merkle proof to be provided along with the index on the tree.
```

- After executing the block, the sequencer will collect all `WithdrawLog`s emitted by withdraw transactions, will build a merkle tree from them and calculate the corresponding root, which we call `WithdrawLogsRoot`.
- As part of the L1 `commit` transaction, the sequencer will send the list of all `WithdrawLog`s on the EIP 4844 blob (i.e. as a section of the state diffs) and the `WithdrawLogsRoot` as calldata as part of the public input to the proof. The contract will then:
    - Verify that the withdraw logs passed on the blob are the correct ones (this is done as part of the proof of equivalence protocol explained below).
    - Store the `WithdrawLogsRoot` on a mapping `(blockNumber -> LogsRoot)`
- For users to complete their withdraw process and receive funds on the L1, they need to call a `claimWithdraw(withdrawLog, merkleProof, blockNumber)` function on the common bridge, where `merkleProof` is an inclusion proof of the withdraw log to the root of the merkle tree the contract has stored. The contract will then do the following:

>     - Check that the `blockNumber` corresponds to a committed block and verified block.
>     - Check that this withdrawal has note been already claimed.
>     - Retrieve the `withdrawLogsRoot` from the given `blockNumber`.
>     - Verify the merkle proof given by the user, passing the proof, the root, and the `tx_index`.
>     - If any check above failed, revert. If all checks passed, send the appropriate funds to the user, then set the `withdrawLog` as claimed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Check that the `blockNumber` corresponds to a committed and verified block.
    - Check that this withdrawal has not been already claimed.
    - Retrieve the `withdrawLogsRoot` from the given `blockNumber`.
    - Verify the merkle proof given by the user, passing the proof, the root, and the `tx_hash`.
    - If any check above failed, revert. If all checks passed, send the appropriate funds to the user, then set the `withdrawLog` as claimed.
    - After the withdrawal is sent, we mark it as claimed so it cannot be claimed twice.
```
